OBSDOCS-944 - Power Monitoring - Add Redfish support in power monitoring (#76231)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/power-monitoring-deploying-kepler-redfish.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * power_monitoring/installing-power-monitoring.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="power-monitoring-deploying-kepler-redfish_{context}"]
= Deploying {PM-kepler} using Redfish API

You can use the Redfish API as the source to deploy {PM-kepler}. Redfish API increases the accuracy and efficiency of {PM-kepler} under certain circumstances.

.Prerequisites
* You have access to the {product-title} web console.
* You are logged in as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
* You have installed the {PM-operator}.

.Procedure

. In the *Administrator* perspective of the web console, go to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

. Click *{PM-title-c}* from the *Installed Operators* list and go to the *{PM-kepler}* tab.

. Click *Create {PM-kepler}*.

> . Create a {PM-kepler} instance with `.spec.exporter.redfish` specifying the `secretRef`. `secretRef` refers to the name of secret which contains credentials to initialize `RedfishClient`.

Reviewer: We need to mention that, clicking create will prompt power-monitoring operator to deploy kepler which  in turn creates the `namespace` `openshift-power-montoring` where the secret can be created.

Author: Made some changes to the steps following your comment. PTAL. :)

+
[IMPORTANT]
====
You must create the secret to create {PM-kepler} pods.
====
. Create the secret.
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc -n kepler-operator create secret generic redfish-secret --from-file=redfish.csv

Reviewer: `kepler-operator` isn't the namespace where kepler will be deployed. It is `openshift-power-monitoring`

Author: Changed the namespace to `openshift-power-monitoring`.

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * power_monitoring/installing-power-monitoring.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="power-monitoring-deploying-kepler-redfish_{context}"]

> = Deploying {PM-kepler} using Redfish API

Reviewer 2: Since Redfish API isn't always available, how can you check that it's available?

Reviewer: This information has to be known to the cluster admin. Kepler does not have a way to detect if redfish is supported on the node.

Reviewer 2: Is there a command you can run to get this information?

> = Deploying {PM-kepler} using Redfish API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Configure {PM-kepler} to use Redfish
```

> You can use the Redfish API as the source to deploy {PM-kepler}. Redfish API increases the accuracy and efficiency of {PM-kepler} under certain circumstances.

Reviewer 2: Under what circumstances?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Redfish as the source for platform power.
```

.Prerequisites
* You have access to the {product-title} web console.
* You are logged in as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
* You have installed the {PM-operator}.

.Procedure

. In the *Administrator* perspective of the web console, go to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

. Click *{PM-title-c}* from the *Installed Operators* list and go to the *{PM-kepler}* tab.

. Click *Create {PM-kepler}*.

> . Create a {PM-kepler} instance with `.spec.exporter.redfish` specifying the `secretRef`. `secretRef` refers to the name of secret which contains credentials to initialize `RedfishClient`.

Reviewer 2: Can you specify the secret before it's created?

Reviewer: yes, you can specify the secret that you are going to create (later). Kepler won't be deployed until this secret exists.

+
[NOTE]
====
The `openshift-power-monitoring` namespace is created after {PM-kepler} is deployed.
====

> . Create the secret using `openshift-power-monitoring` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the secret under `openshift-power-monitoring` namespace.
```

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc -n openshift-power-monitoring create secret generic redfish-secret --from-file=redfish.csv

Reviewer 2: What should be in redfish.csv?  Should we provide an example?

Reviewer: +1 We should. Otherwise it is very hard to guess. 

@shreyasiddhartha could you please add the information provide in the jira 

```
redfish.csv Data Format:

your_kubelet_node_name, redfish_username, redfish_password, https://redfish_ip_or_hostname/

Example redfish.csv

kind-control-plane,dummyuser,dummypass,https://dummy-machine.lab.eng.redhat.com
kind-worker,dummyuser,dummypass,https://dummy-machine.lab.eng.redhat.com
kind-worker2,dummyuser,dummypass,https://dummy-machine.lab.eng.redhat.com
```

----
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> You must create the secret to create {PM-kepler} pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kepler deployment will not progress until the redfish secret is created. This information is reflected in the status of `kepler` instance. 
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * power_monitoring/installing-power-monitoring.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="power-monitoring-deploying-kepler-redfish_{context}"]
= Configuring {PM-kepler} to use Redfish

You can configure the {PM-kepler} to use the Redfish as the source for platform power.

.Prerequisites
* You have access to the {product-title} web console.
* You are logged in as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
* You have installed the {PM-operator}.

.Procedure

. In the *Administrator* perspective of the web console, go to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

. Click *{PM-title-c}* from the *Installed Operators* list and go to the *{PM-kepler}* tab.

. Click *Create {PM-kepler}*.

. Create a {PM-kepler} instance with `.spec.exporter.redfish` specifying the `secretRef`. `secretRef` refers to the name of secret which contains credentials to initialize `RedfishClient`.
+
[NOTE]
====
The `openshift-power-monitoring` namespace is created after the {PM-kepler} is deployed.
====

. Create the secret under `openshift-power-monitoring` namespace.
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc -n openshift-power-monitoring create secret generic redfish-secret --from-file=redfish.csv

Reviewer 3: we should mention  that 
- the secret must be `Opaque` type
- the secret key must be `redfish.csv`

----
+
[NOTE]
====
The data format for the `redfish.csv` is `your_kubelet_node_name, redfish_username, redfish_password, https://redfish_ip_or_hostname/`
====
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----

> kind-control-plane,dummyuser,dummypass,https://dummy-machine.lab.eng.redhat.com
> kind-worker,dummyuser,dummypass,https://dummy-machine.lab.eng.redhat.com
> kind-worker2,dummyuser,dummypass,https://dummy-machine.lab.eng.redhat.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
control-plane,dummyuser,dummypass,https://redfish.nodes.example.com
worker-1,dummyuser,dummypass,https://redfish.nodes.example.com
worker-2,dummyuser,dummypass,https://another.redfish.nodes.example.com
```

----
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> The {PM-kepler} deployment will not continue till the Redfish secret is created. You can find this information in the status of a {PM-kepler} instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {PM-kepler} deployment will not continue until the Redfish secret is created. You can find this information in the status of a {PM-kepler} instance.
```
